---
layout: post
title: "Nothing"
date: 2024-12-25
tags: [script, thoughts]
---

## Context
I wrote this script ~2 years ago. I spent many hours perfecting a box that would light up with stars, and styrofoam planets that would sit in the box.
The idea was beutiful, and I love this script. The impressivness of the visual would have come from the box itself.
I think I may kill the whole idea and just make this video by itself at some point soon. Becasue now it'd be pretty easy to generate what I want, making the visuals less impressive.

This would be the music for the video: youtube.com/watch?v=vrKPFRmkIuk

## Nothing

Let’s look at nothing
*Empty space with stars*
Less planets please! The stars are not wanted now! Put out every one, pack up the moon and dismantle the sun!
*Blackness*
This isn’t nothing. That's the intergalactic medium. What we call the space between galaxies.
and if we zoom in *zooms in*
We can still see one atom per cubic centimetre.

Let’s remove the atoms. There is still something here,
*Black*
Space and time and gravity. That’s still something rather than nothing
Let’s stop time, Flatten the left over gravitational bends from when we removed the stars, and then remove space itself.
*Black fold to white*
Well this is awkward 
I thought that would do it but we’ve still got something here. The representation of nothingness. The idea itself.
Hmmm it seems we’ve reached
A fundamental limitation of the human animal’s mind

Nothing comes from our brains trying to understand the world. We experience the universe with our senses and are held back by them. Our ears can't hear something if there is no sound to hear. And nothing has no mass to feel gravity, no way to reflect light, to make smell or sound. Nothing does not exist outside of our brain. 

It seems the only effective way to imagine nothing is to imagine nothing at all.
